Review and update Polyglot Chat README (#258)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: polyglot-chat-app/README.md

This example demonstrates how to integrate Python on GraalVM with a Micronaut application.
The application uses the Gradle build tool.

## Preparation

1. Download and install the latest GraalPy as described in the [Getting Started guide](https://www.graalvm.org/latest/reference-manual/python/#installing-graalpy). For example on Linux:
   ```bash
   wget https://github.com/oracle/graalpython/releases/download/graal-23.1.1/graalpy-23.1.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz
   tar xzf graalpy-23.1.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz
   ```

> 2. Install the required packages for this demo into the _resources_ directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a virtual environment for this demo in the _resources_ directory:
```

   ```bash
   graalpy-23.1.1-linux-amd64/bin/graalpy -m venv src/main/resources/venv
   ```
   ```bash
   src/main/resources/venv/bin/graalpy -m pip install nltk
   ```
   ```bash
   src/main/resources/venv/bin/graalpy -c "import nltk; nltk.download('vader_lexicon')"
   ```

3. (Optional) Download and install GraalVM JDK for Java 21 or later to run Python with runtime compilation and to build a native image. 
The demo will work on any OpenJDK distribution, but will be much faster on GraalVM JDK.

## Building and Running the Application:

> 

Reviewer: I think there's a step missing here because gradle doesn't copy _src/main/resources/venv_ into the _target_ directory.

Reviewer 2: Yes, indeed, if you want to run the native image you need to manually copy

This example demonstrates how to integrate Python on GraalVM with a Micronaut application.
The application uses the Gradle build tool.

> ## Preparation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preparation
```

> 1. Download or clone GraalVM demos repository and navigate into the `polyglot-chat-app` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download or clone the GraalVM demos repository and navigate into the _polyglot-chat-app_ directory:
```
